## What is BlockHitch?
BlockHitch is a platform for investing and growing DeFi assets. BlockHitch provides seamless investment in suites of yield-generating products, focused on operationality, functionality, accessibility, and optimization.


## BlockHitch Ecosystem?
The BlockHitch Ecosystem pulls capital from a group of community users and deploys it into DeFi and NFT Protocols to generate interest. Accumulated interest is re-deployed into DeFi and NFT Protocols, also an agreed percentage is awarded as interest to investors.


## How do I Invest in the BlockHitch Ecosystem?
To invest in the BlockHitch Ecosystem, All you have to do is Sign up, Fund your wallet with the amount you intend to invest, Invest and earn 300% in 9 weeks. Similarly, you can withdraw your funds and claim your interest with one transaction.


## What is the benefit of growing my DeFi assets in the BlockHitch Ecosystem?
We have reduced the process that typically comprises more than a dozen fee-extracting transactions, hours of research, and constant monitoring down to a one-time deposit and withdrawal. 


## What happens to my funds after I deposit them in the BlockHitch Ecosystem?
Deposits are pulled and deployed into profitable DeFi and NFT Protocols through our strategy to generate more profits.


## Is there any risk associated with investing in the BlockHitch Ecosystem?
Grow pools in the ecosystem that interface with funds are at risk in the event of a so-called black swan event, such as when a pool asset sees a flash unpredictable crash in a short amount of time. In this event, the pool's outstanding debt position may become under-collateralized, leaving the investor insolvent, and the pooled funds may be hit with a liquidation fee, which could translate into loss of some funds. In scenarios like this, the investor will be give BlockHitch 5 additional weeks to meet up with the agreed profits.


## What are the fees?
There is a 1% fee on withdrawal from BlockHitch Ecosystem, a 10% state tax withhold fee, a federal tax withhold of 4%, a varying network fee and 5% ecosystem fee on yield generated by the pulled capital.
